Made the ie-to-edge redirect page less confusing (#1725)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/ie-to-microsoft-edge-redirection.md

ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 2/8/2022
---
# Move users to Microsoft Edge from Internet Explorer

Many modern websites have designs that are incompatible with Internet Explorer.

> When an Internet Explorer user visits an incompatible public website, the user may be instructed by the website that it is incompatible with Internet Explorer and to switch to a more modern browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an Internet Explorer user visits an incompatible public website, the user may be instructed by the website that the website is incompatible with Internet Explorer, and that the user must switch to a more modern browser in order to use the website.
```
"that it is" and "to switch" aren't parallel enough, IMO; hard to parse.  "It" is less clear than could be.

> To minimize disruptions Microsoft Edge supports a new capability that automatically redirects users.  When an Internet Explorer user goes to a website that's incompatible with Internet Explorer, Windows can automatically redirect the user to Microsoft Edge.  Only websites that are part of the [Need Microsoft Edge list](https://edge.microsoft.com/neededge/v1) are redirected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To minimize disruptions Microsoft Edge supports a new capability that automatically redirects users.  When an Internet Explorer user goes to a website that's incompatible with Internet Explorer, Windows can automatically redirect the user to Microsoft Edge.  Only websites that are part of the [Need Microsoft Edge list](https://edge.microsoft.com/neededge/v1) are redirected.
```
```suggestion
To minimize disruptions, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability that automatically redirects users.  When an Internet Explorer user goes to a website that's incompatible with Internet Explorer, Windows can automatically redirect the user to Microsoft Edge.  Only websites that are part of the [Need Microsoft Edge list](https://edge.microsoft.com/neededge/v1) are redirected.
```
